Wow very go right thank you for coming
it's not gonna be our usual show tonight
because and I'm gonna tell you right in
front I'm gonna cry I'm already crying
uh which is embarrassing but uh well I'm
not good with this sort of thing and I'm
sorry especially those you who came to
see the show in person but cuz it's
probably not what you came for but we
lost someone that we and I love very
much today and again I'm sorry for
hearing this just now for the first time
but Donna wrinkles passed away this
morning and he was 90 years old and I
know it sounds crazy to say who he was
too young but he he was because he was
uh youthful and funny and sharp and
generous and I was fortunate enough to
not only have gone on this show as my
guest but also to become close to him
and his wife Barbara which was a lot of
fun for me
I grew up with Las Vegas so don rickles
even when I was a kid was a very big
deal as his name was on the marquee at
the Sahara Hotel you see him with Johnny
Carson making fun of Johnny making fun
of Frank Sinatra and people always
wanted to hear
Don tell Sinatra stories and he had
great stories but um and I think this
might be what brought I told Don and
this honestly how I felt like the
Sinatra stories are great but if Sinatra
is here I'd be asking him for stories
about you and it's um well Bob Newhart
Don's good friend Bob Newhart another
national treasure told me a great story
about having dinner with Don and Sinatra
that sums Don up pretty well I think
Sinatra would sometimes get angry for
whatever reason and flip out so one
night they were all at a big table at
very fancy restaurant and the restaurant
was all white everything was white the
walls of the tablecloths everything in
Don and barber his wife and Bob and his
wife Ginny were at the table and Frank
was drinking and he was not in a good
mood who's getting surly which put
everyone on edge what Frank wasn't happy
you had to watch it so they're drinking
and the food comes and the waiter brings
a bottle of ketchup and puts it on the
table in front of Frank and for whatever
reason this sends Frank into a rage he
takes the
ketchup on the tables he takes the
bottle and a very crowded elegant
restaurant he throws it at the wall and
the bottle smashes and there's ketchup
everywhere and everyone the restaurant
stops is like a gasp and dawn without
missing a beat turns and says Frank will
you pass the ketchup
laughs and everyone laughs and nobody
dies that night thanks tonight the first
time Don was our show was almost uh for
four years after a row we started we'd
uh we've been trying to book it in since
the beginning we asked him to do the
show over and over again and he didn't
know what this was he knew that Tonight
Show and Letterman and that's it
but finally after we bothered him like
20 times he gave up and he did the show
for my birthday in 2006 and was exciting
was like I was in some kind of talk show
host fantasy camp sitting behind a desk
but while Don Rickles made fun of me it
was like you know being it was like
being a real talk-show host for a minute
so and then Don came to visit 17 more
times after that and whenever he was on
we would go out to dinner
um we would always go out to dare have
the show except for one night I couldn't
go because I was already going to dinner
it was a little like a late booking I
was going dinner with my friend Jeff
Ross the comedian was his 50th birthday
and he's only in town for like the night
so a few days before and I told Don I
can't go to dinner after show because I
already have plans we'll go another
night I couldn't tell I was going to
another dinner with someone else or he
would bust my balls till I had none left
so I was nonspecific I just I can't make
it
so we did plans for another night and
after the show I said goodbye the time I
went to dinner with Jeff and Jeff and I
and my cousin saw her sitting at the
table and who walked in and not only
walked in is seated at the table right
next to one is Donnie looks at me he's
like I thought you couldn't go to dinner
and I'm like it's his birthday I didn't
know and he hammered me and heckled me
through the whole meal
until finally I just got up and moved
over to his table those dinners were
done with drink vodka and tell stories
Bob Saget and John Stamos were like
Don's I won't say sons because most sons
once they passed the age of 10 don't
want to hear anything their father says
Bob Bob the John loved it they're more
like his stepdaughters I would say and
Don would make fun of John Stamos for
three hours straight without a breath
and John loved it he made fun of
everybody he would come here he'd make
fun of me Guillermo the band the
audience their good guy who put the
microphone on his lapel the he'd make
fun of the vegetable platter in his
dressing room he when he come to my
house he'd yell about the stairs as if I
put them there specifically to
inconvenience him every time I Jimmy you
still have the stairs okay no we're pull
vaulting into the house now Don I once
took him to Mota which is Mario Batali's
restaurant here it's a very nice
restaurant we rented the private room in
the back we had food I invited his
friends it was beautiful it was very
expensive okay and I paid for at the end
of the meal after the end at the end of
this beautiful meal he says to me I'll
never forget he goes I can't believe he
took me to a pizza place
but he's very sweet they called him mr.
warmth as a joke but he that was what he
was he would always ask about my parents
my kids when my Uncle Frank passed away
I called him and asked him to be the
guest that Joe and which was a tough
shioma and helped all of us through it
he gave me advice and good advice not
the advice people give you just to hear
themselves of giving you advice
he doesn't say keep my name alive which
um he told me to keep his name alive
which it was funny because you know I
was like your Don Rickles you keep my
name alive Mike he was humble he was he
was thoughtful I went through my um my
hope chest today I really have a hope
chest I have a box and uh he I saved
every note he ever sent me there were
like 27 notes and letters from Don and I
want to read a couple of them um well
yeah every time he sent me card he'd
sent it in an overnight mail package and
their be label on it it cost $20 every
time he did they just you spent more
than $500 on postage alone for me so
here's a few of these very expensive
notes dear Jimmy thanks so much for
inviting me to your home for dinner but
to be honest we would have preferred a
three-month trip to Venice Italy
dear Jimmy thanks so much for the
beautiful frame of you and I who needs
Sinatra your picture a picture of us
together is much more important please
don't show this note to anyone cuz it
could cause harm to me and my family
loved on Jimmy thank you so much for the
bottles of wine we've been so busy
crushing grapes with our bare feet
hoping a half a wine for the holidays
and you came to the rescue just in time
Jerr Jimmy what a great thoughtful gift
for Christmas such a good Italian maybe
he should open to Delhi and start
selling salami
maybe I should dear Jimmy we watched
your academy award show
Barbara loved every bit of it but here's
what I thought you were on camera too
much all in all it was ok we love you so
don't worry this is one Morrow's night
Manny Pacquiao was on I should a picture
of Don it's just dear Jimmy what right
do you have to hold up my picture
without my okay I'm gonna tell all my
Filipino friends to attack you at your
studio your good friend Don your good
friend Don the guy who knows John Stamos
and Bob Saget personally PS Barbara
really liked you Hey so he's he was a
funny guy I know that's not a news flash
our love and condolences to dogs wife
Barbara his daughter Mindy his
stepdaughters Bob and John his main man
Tony Oh Paul sheffrin there will never
be another Don Rickles he's probably the
greatest talk show guest of all time we
put together a video tribute and here he
is the one the only mr. warmth Don
Rickles our first guest is a legendary
performer he's a best-selling author
he's one of the greatest comedians of
all time right Don is that all correct
don't be a dumbbell
the sultan of insulting mr. worf debrief
Don Rickles
this is the eighth appearance you've
made on this show I'll drop my pants and
fire a rocket rarely does anyone get a
standing ovation on this show okay
that's it for me tell you what how we
met well we were - we saw you don't
elect me all right three missing the
dresser on Dean Martin Frank Sinatra and
me you know how much sitting there I'm
trying we're ready to go on for the
president you know so Frank says no
drinking guys now you understand it no
drink until you got it pally we're not
gonna take anything on regulars you know
I'm not gonna take no drinks no drinks
I'm not gonna have anything come
Franco's out of the Roman Dean opens up
his coat and there's a row of buoys
right Nakota
and that night we made Ronald Reagan
know he's alive the Frank was the
security guard and by the stage door and
those they seized you went right out
into the casino when you came off with
the Shepherd it this isn't too fast for
you no no you're looking at you're
looking at me like I'm a chemistry set
Annie used to stand by the door no every
night every night and I'd come out
lethal stand back everybody stand back
mr. riggins is coming through stand back
stand back there was nobody there I
exaggerated life make fun of ourselves
as I make fun of you you know thank you
you should be proud the so I didn't like
it wouldn't make fun of you but as I
look at you now
you gotta get a nose this is 3d this Toy
Story movie is this your first 3d film
yeah I always say to young people try to
be different if you're different you
have a chance like you're different
because nobody knows what the hell you
are still a dumbbell like I let it
shut up Jonathan don't be killed hey
that was funny Jimmy I was never mean
spirited thank God that's why I'm on
this show because I skyrocketed give me
a minute cause everything I say I did in
my room and I left my when I
come back here with you guys and and
Frank and your whole family it really
makes a guy feel at home and you you are
well it's always great to have your Don
Rickles
[Music]
[Applause]
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy